hi I'm John Healy with New York Daily
News I'm here at SAC Hampl a baseball
collector and professional ball Hawk if
you will he's caught a ton of balls over
the years ACK well you just tell us a
little about your experience and your
success at catching homeruns and valve
balls I've been to 50 different major
league stadiums over the last couple
decades I've snagged more than 6,700
baseballs including batting practice 29
home runs during games 155 foul balls
and I have been to three home run
derbies and at two of them
I caught a home run during the actual
Derby itself so I'm excited for this one
at Citi Field alright so we're here at
Citi Field home of the 2013 home run
derby an all-star game we're gonna take
a look at some of the key spots what are
some of them around here well the key
really to catching a home run or any
batted ball is to make sure you have
some room to run you don't want to get
trapped in one spot so the party deck
right here where we're standing would be
the number one best spot in the stadium
to catch a home run this spot is great
because it covers almost the entire left
field from close to the foul pole to the
batter's eye there's room to run there's
a nice wide aisle that can only be a
certain number of fans in this section
oh heaven right here at Citi Field
number 2 I'm gonna say the Shea bridge
out in right-center field the Shea
bridge doesn't get much action during
the regular season but during the Derby
it's gonna be a hot spot figure a batter
has to hit it about 460 to reach the
bridge that's well within range
two years ago Carlos Beltran hit one 459
feet right there the little terrace in
front of the Shea bridge is also going
to get a lot of action too number three
is going to be the batter's eye on the
right-center field side of center field
during the regular season fans are
allowed to jump over the railing and run
out on the batter's eye for homerun
balls I don't know how it's going to
work during the Derby but this could be
a great spot if you're allowed to do it
number four on my list in this ballpark
would be the excel a club down the
left-field line but not actually inside
the club in front of the club there's a
nice wide aisle like a cross aisle
outdoor seating some tables room to
stand now batters will definitely have
to pull the ball down the line and only
righties will be able to hit it here but
still we are definitely within range and
look at this wide aisle
look at all this room to run I want to
be here I want to be here number five
this is kind of a lesser-known spot that
most people wouldn't think of here we
are in the Moe's zone in straight away
right field you might think how can you
catch a homerun in a section where
there's a net on top of you well if you
look closely right here at the front
there is a nice little space for
baseballs to plop on the net roll down
and drop right here or you can catch
them easily and so that's that's number
five for the homerun Derby